Link to website: https://anyawild.github.io/DS4200_Group3_FinalProject/ 
-------------------------------------------------------------

Notes about visualizations:

All static:
    While we tried to use an all-blue color scheme to differentiate lines and 
    bars in our visualizations, we found that we needed more constrast between 
    the colors and so decided on the Tableau10 color scale. This scale, combined
    with the font family Monospace, is consistent throughout our page.

Static 1 - GDP and CO2 Emissions Over Time:
    This Altair side by side line plot used line marks as well as point marks to show
    how each attribute, for each continent, changed over time. Also in this visualization, 
    we chose to display the y-axis using scientific notation to save space and improve readability. 

Static 2 - CO2 Emissions Over Time by Source:
    This static line chart visualizes CO2 emissions over time from five major sources: Coal, Oil, Gas, Cement, and Flaring. 
    Line marks represent trends over time, with point marks emphasizing individual data points for each year, 
    while the channels of color and position differentiate between sources and map emission levels to the y-axis and years to the x-axis. 
    The Tableau10 color scale ensures high contrast for clear distinction between sources, and gridlines with bold labels enhance readability, 
    complemented by the consistent use of a Monospace font. 
    This visualization effectively contributes to the intended message by providing a clear breakdown of emissions by source, 
    highlighting long-term trends, such as the dominance of coal and oil and the steady rise in gas emissions. 
    By emphasizing these patterns, the chart helps contextualize the varying contributions of these sources to global emissions, 
    supporting discussions on climate change and policy implications.

Static 3 - Total CO2 Emissions by Source:
    This D3 bar chart uses bar marks to show differences in total CO2 emissions for each 
    industry source, with each color correlating with a different industry. Also, in order to 
    fit the x-axis tick labels, we chose to display them at an angle.

Interactive 1 - World CO2 Emissions by Different Metrics and Industries:
    This interactive chloropleth map uses a sequential color scheme (lighter yellow to darker red) to
    show clear contrast between countries in terms of the various metrics shown on the map.
    The color scheme also works to illustrate the main point that higher emissions contribute
    to rising global temperatures, so the darker red for high emissions countries serves to show
    the main point about countries that contribute the most to global warming.

Interactive 2 -





Change to another color map, a sequential one. Good to have the feature 
choices. Make sure you have clear instruction and explanation for the data 
visualization. Adjust the paragraph position. Right now it has a huge space 
between the paragraph and figure. In general, I think you have done a lot of 
comparison between GDP and CO2 emission. Can you just do a scatter plot between 
this two and allow people to filter on different year/source. I prefer to see 
different type of interactions instead of only two similar maps.
